doc/README.md, before:

# VSCode Comment Translate

## Introduction
[【中文文档】](../README.md) [【日本語の文書】](./README_JA.md)

Many excellent projects have a lot of annotations, and users can quickly understand the code intent. However, if the user is not familiar with the annotated language, it will bring difficulties in understanding. This plugin uses the Google Translate API to translate comments for the VSCode programming language.

## Features
1. Identify the comment portion of the code without interfering with reading. Support for different languages, single-line, multi-line comments
![Introduction](./image/cn/Introduction.gif)

2. Support user string and variable translation to support hump split
![Introduction](./image/cn/variable.gif)

3. Select the last translation area
![Introduction](./image/cn/select.gif)

4. Translate and replace selections
![Introduction](./image/translate-selections.gif)

5. Selection range translation
![Introduction](./image/cn/selection.gif)

## Settings Options
#### Multi-language support
Status bar to quickly configure the target language
![Multi-language](./image/cn/status-bar.gif)

| Display Language    | Locale  |
| ------------------- | ------- |
| English (US)        | `en`    |
| Simplified Chinese  | `zh-CN` |
| Traditional Chinese | `zh-TW` |
| French              | `fr`    |
| German              | `de`    |
| Italian             | `it`    |
| Spanish             | `es`    |
| Japanese            | `ja`    |
| Korean              | `ko`    |
| Russian             | `ru`    |
| Bulgarian           | `bg`    |
| Hungarian           | `hu`    |
| Portuguese (Brazil) | `pt-br` |
| Turkish             | `tr`    |


#### Merge multiple lines of comments (source language only supports English)
![Multi-line-merge](./image/multi-line-merge.gif)

Commit message:

add translate selected text command on editor menu context

doc/README.md, after:

# VSCode Comment Translate

## Introduction
[【中文文档】](../README.md) [【日本語の文書】](./README_JA.md)

Many excellent projects have a lot of annotations, and users can quickly understand the code intent. However, if the user is not familiar with the annotated language, it will bring difficulties in understanding. This plugin uses the Google Translate API to translate comments for the VSCode programming language.

## Features
1. Identify the comment portion of the code without interfering with reading. Support for different languages, single-line, multi-line comments
![Introduction](./image/cn/Introduction.gif)

2. Support user string and variable translation to support hump split
![Introduction](./image/cn/variable.gif)

3. Select the last translation area
![Introduction](./image/cn/select.gif)

4. Translate and replace selections
![Introduction](./image/translate-selections.gif)

5. Selection range translation
![Introduction](./image/cn/selection.gif)

6. translate selected text (can work with WSL environment)
![Introduction](./image/cn/translate_selected.gif)


## Settings Options
#### Multi-language support
Status bar to quickly configure the target language
![Multi-language](./image/cn/status-bar.gif)

| Display Language    | Locale  |
| ------------------- | ------- |
| English (US)        | `en`    |
| Simplified Chinese  | `zh-CN` |
| Traditional Chinese | `zh-TW` |
| French              | `fr`    |
| German              | `de`    |
| Italian             | `it`    |
| Spanish             | `es`    |
| Japanese            | `ja`    |
| Korean              | `ko`    |
| Russian             | `ru`    |
| Bulgarian           | `bg`    |
| Hungarian           | `hu`    |
| Portuguese (Brazil) | `pt-br` |
| Turkish             | `tr`    |


#### Merge multiple lines of comments (source language only supports English)
![Multi-line-merge](./image/multi-line-merge.gif)
